somewhere.' up written it see shall I perhaps  ask: to do it'll
never No,  asking! for me think she'll girl little ignorant what
an `And  it?) manage could you think you Do  air! the falling
through you're as CURTSEYING spoke--fancy she as curtsey tried
to she (and Australia?' or Zealand New this is Ma'am, know.
Please, you is, country the of name the what them ask to shall
have I `--but word) right the all at sound didn't it as this
time, listening, one no WAS there glad rather was (she I
think--' Antipathies, The  downward! heads their with walk that the
people among out come to seem it'll funny How  earth! the right
THROUGH fall shall I if wonder `I  again. began she Presently  to
say.)

 words grand nice were they thought but either, Longitude was,
or Latitude what idea no had (Alice  to?' got I've Longitude Latitude
or what wonder I then distance--but right the about `--yes,
that's over) it say to practice good was it still her, to to
listen one no was there as knowledge, her off showing for good
opportunity VERY a not was this though and schoolroom, the in her
lessons in sort this of things several learnt had Alice see, (for,
you think--' I down, miles thousand four be would that  see: Let
me  earth. the of centre the near somewhere getting be must aloud.
`I said she time?' this by fallen I've miles many how `I
wonder  end! an to come NEVER fall the Would  down. down, Down,  likely
true.)

 very was (Which house!' the of top the off fell I if it,
even about anything say wouldn't I Why,  home! at me think they'll
all brave How  stairs! down tumbling of nothing think I
shall this, as fall a such `after herself, to Alice thought `Well!'  it.

 past she
fell as cupboards the of one into it put to managed so killing
somebody, of fear for jar the drop to like not did she  empty: it
was disappointment great her to but MARMALADE', `ORANGE was
labelled it passed; she as shelves the of one from jar a down She
took  pegs. upon hung pictures and maps saw she there and book-shelves;
here and cupboards with filled were they that and
noticed well, the of sides the at looked she then anything; to
see dark too was it but to, coming was she what out make and look
down to tried she First,  next. happen to going was what to
wonder and her about look to down went she as time of plenty she
had for slowly, very fell she or deep, very was well the Either  well.

 deep very a down herself
falling found she before herself stopping about think to a
moment not had Alice that suddenly so down, suddenly dipped then way,
and some for tunnel a like on straight went rabbit-hole The  again.

 out get to was she world the in how once
considering never it, after Alice went down moment another In  hedge.

 the under rabbit-hole large a pop
down it see to time in just was fortunately and it, after the
field across ran she curiosity, with burning and it, of out to
take watch a or waistcoat-pocket, a either with rabbit a seen never
before had she that mind her across flashed it for feet, to
her started Alice on, hurried then and it, at looked and WAISTCOAT-
POCKET, ITS OF OUT WATCH A TOOK actually Rabbit the when natural);
but quite seemed all it time the at but this, at have
wondered to ought she that her to occurred it afterwards, over thought
it she (when  late!' be shall I  dear! Oh  dear! `Oh to
itself, say Rabbit the hear to way the of out much VERY so it Alice
think did nor that; in remarkable VERY so nothing was There  her.

 by close ran eyes pink with White
Rabbit a suddenly when daisies, the picking and up getting trouble
of the worth be would daisy-chain a making of pleasure whether
the stupid), and sleepy very feel her made day hot the could,
for she as well (as mind own her in considering was she So  conversation?'

 or pictures `without Alice book,'
thought a of use the is what `and it, in conversations or no
pictures had it but reading, was sister her book the into had
peeped she twice or once  do: to nothing having of and bank, the sister
on her by sitting of tired very get to beginning was Alice